This is Crosser release 0.6.4

This release contains libstack builder (libstack.sh) for windows and
toolchain builder (crosser.sh).

------

Crosser homepage is http://www.cazfi.net/other/crosser/
Please report any bugs to Bugzilla at https://www.cazfi.net/bugs/index.cgi

------

Script scripts/download_packets.sh downloads toolchain related source packages.

- It can be used to download single package, predefined set of packages, or all packages
- Versions to download are read from setups/<VERSIONSET>.versions, where
  default versionset is 'current'. Other sets can be selected from commandline.
- You can define mirrors to be used in file called .crosser.mirrors in your
  home directory or mirrors.conf in crosser root directory.
  There's example file suitable for Finland in mirrors-directory.

------

 Crosser.sh is used to create toolchains.

 Example:
 > ./crosser.sh arm-elf native:baselib

  First parameter is target configuration to use. Currently supported target
 configurations are i686-linux, x86_64-linux, arm-linux, arm-eglibc,
 i686-eglibc and arm-elf.

  Second parameter is definition of steps to execute. You can provide comma
 separated list of steps, or range with start and end separated by semicolon,
 or any combination of these.
  Examples: "native" "native,chain" "native:baselib" "native:chain,baselib"
  Steps relevant for crosser.sh are:
  native  - This step builds native tools used in later steps. You can use
            same native environment for all your different target chains.
  chain   - Actual cross-compilers
  baselib - A couple of basic libraries for target
  gtk     - A couple of gtk+ dependency libraries, but not yet gtk+ itself
            This step is not available on arm-elf target
  sdl     - sdl dependencies and sdl library itself
            This step is not available on arm architecture targets

  Third parameter is versionset to use. Default is "current". Versionsets
 are defined in setups/<versionset>.versions files, one per file. By listing
 these files you can list supported versionsets.
  Currently there is five versionsets:
  current      - This versionset will always contain currently best supported
                 versionlist. It's constantly updated.
  2008A        - This versionset contains versions of the June 2008. This
                 versionset is quite static. It will be updated only to add
                 bugfix releases and other minor changes.
  2008B        - This versionset contains versions of the December 2008. This
                 versionset is quite static. It will be updated only to add
                 bugfix releases and other minor changes.
  2009A        - This versionset contains versions of the November 2009. This
                 versionset is quite static. It will be updated only to add
                 bugfix releases and other minor changes.
  experimental - Experimental versions for crosser.sh. This constanly
                 changing list does not necessarily even work out-of-the-box.
