This is Crosser release 2.12

This release contains dll stack builder (dllstack.sh) for building
windows library stack.

------

Crosser homepage is https://www.cazfi.net/crosser/

------

 Dllstack.sh is used to create set of Windows dlls.

 Example:
 > ./dllstack.sh /usr/local/dllstack

 First parameter is prefix for installation directory hierarchy.

 Second parameter is versionset to use. Default is "current". Versionsets
 are defined in setups/<versionset>.versions files, one per file. By listing
 these files you can list supported versionsets.
  Currently there is four versionsets:
  current      - This versionset will always contain currently best supported
                 versionlist.
  mature       - This versionset contains a bit more mature versions.
                 Typically those are final (most mature) versions from
                 previous release series of the software.
  test         - Versionset used to test development packages before
                 the stable package is released to current versionset.
                 This versionset is likely to be broken any given time,
                 and it may try to fetch snapshots that have been
                 available for a short time only.
  custom       - Example of an custom versionset. See comments on the
                 setups/custom.versions about the fact that using
                 arbitrary versionsets is not support, but you must
                 know suitable version combinations yourself.

  Third parameter is description of system dllstack is built for.
  win32       - 32bit compilation. Qt can't be built on win32 setup.
  win64       - Default one. 64bit compilation.
  win64-posix - 64bit compilation with posix threading

------

 Script scripts/trim_packetdir.sh can be used to clean up obsolete source
packets from packetdir. Usually source packet gets obsolete because
newer version is used by all the versionsets in newer crosser version
than the one that originally downloaded packet.

 It does not really know which packets are obsolete and which ones are not.
It just removes those packets that are most likely obsolete. It determines
this by checking last time that source package was used by crosser. Those
packets which are not used in a long time are removed. Current default of
trim_packetdir.sh is to remove all but 200 most recently used files from
packetdir.

------

Script scripts/download_packets.sh downloads source packages. Usually
you don't need to run it yourself, but ./dllstack.sh runs it when needed.

- It can be used to download single package, predefined set of packages,
  or all packages.
- Versions to download are read from setups/<VERSIONSET>.versions, where
  default versionset is 'current'. Other sets can be selected from commandline.
  There is also an example of an custom versionset named 'custom.versions',
  but be aware that arbitrarily customized versionsets are not supported
  functionality, so proceed on your own risk.
- You can define mirrors to be used in file called .crosser.mirrors in your
  home directory or mirrors.conf in crosser root directory.
  There's example file suitable for Finland in mirrors-directory.

------

 It takes some effort to setup crosser to handle multiple simultaneous
builds. Obviously one run should not delete directories that the other one
is using. All the solutions to this boil down to having different
configurations for different builds, namely doing them in separate directories.
You can simply define multiple configuration files that use different
directories for anything that may affect the other build and then set
$CROSSER_CONF to point to correct file before each build. But probably more
clever way is to write your configuration file to dynamically adjust. You
can for example place all the other directories relative to $CROSSER_TMPDIR
and to just set different $CROSSER_TMPDIR for each build. Note that with
default setting $CROSSER_SRCDIR and $CROSSER_BUILDDIR are already relative to
$CROSSER_TMPDIR meaning there is problem with $CROSSER_LOGDIR only.
If you don't like the idea of logs being under tmpdir, you can even define
your own toplevel environment variable and to make both $CROSSER_TMPDIR and
$CROSSER_LOGDIR relative to it.
