This is Crosser release 0.2.90

This release contains libstack builder (libstack.sh) for windows and
limited version of toolchain builder (crosser.sh). This version of
crosser.sh supports using only newlib as target clib.

------

Script packets/download_packets.sh downloads toolchain related source packages.

- It can be used to download single package, predefined set of packages, or all packages
- Versions to download are read from setups/<VERSIONSET>.versions, where
  default versionset is 'current'. Other sets can be selected from commandline.
- You can define mirrors to be used by placing file named mirrors.conf
  to crosser root directory.
  There's file suitable for Finland in mirrors-directory.

------

 Crosser.sh is used to create toolchains.

 Example:
 > ./crosser.sh arm-elf native:baselib

  First parameter is target configuration to use. Currently only one target
 configuration, arm-elf, is supported.

  Second parameter is definition of steps to execute. You can provide comma
 separated list of steps, or range with start and end separated by semicolon,
 or any combination of these.
  Examples: "native" "native,chain" "native:baselib" "native:chain,baselib"
  Steps relevant for crosser.sh are:
  native  - This step builds native tools used in later steps. You can use
            same native environment for all your different target chains.
  chain   - Actual cross-compilers
  baselib - A couple of basic libraries for target

  Third parameter is versionset to use. Default is "current". Versionsets
 are defined in setups/<versionset>.versions files, one per file. By listing
 these files you can list supported versionsets.
  Currently there is three versionsets:
  current      - This versionset will always contain currently best supported
                 versionlist. It's constantly updated.
  2008A        - This versionset contains versions of the early 2008. This
                 versionset is quite static. It will be updated only to add
                 bugfix releases and other minor changes.
  experimental - Experimental versions for crosser.sh. This constanly
                 changing list does not necessarily even work out-of-the-box.
